fix: capture unshare/nsenter outputs (#95)
hashicorp/nomad-driver-exec2: CHANGELOG.md

## UNRELEASED

BUG FIXES:

> * Fixed silent discard of `unshare`/`nsenter` errors making task startup failures impossible to diagnose. [[GH-95](https://github.com/hashicorp/nomad-driver-exec2/pull/95)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BUG FIXES:
* Error messages from the `unshare`/`nsenter` shim processes now appear in the allocation logs. [[GH-95](https://github.com/hashicorp/nomad-driver-exec2/pull/95)]
```
